README.md, before:

## Sarita Radia

A sentence about who and what you are. Then a sentence about what you've achieved. And then a sentence about what excites you about tech.

## Projects

| Name                         | Description           | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | -----------------     | ----------------- |
| [**Project CFG**](https://github.com/saritahub/Project-CFG)  | Final project for the Introduction to Web Development Project. | HTML, CSS, JavaScript               |
|[**Student Directory**](https://github.com/saritahub/student-directory) | A command-line app to input and view student information               |  Ruby                 |
|                              |                       |                   |



## Work Experience

**Dotdigital** (September 2019 - June 2022) 
_Customer Success Manager_

- Responsible to be the eyes and ears of the customer. Keeping our priorities at the forefront and
minimising any gaps or complications by passing on feedback to the relevant teams.
- Strengthen relationships with new and existing customers to drive customer retention, success,
and growth.
- Documenting processes to guide Customer Success Executives, refine customer journeys and
minimise risk.
- Use of CRM systems to maintain a high degree of account management and control.
- My hard work and determination led to winning the ‘Customer Success team member of the
year’ in 2021.
- Part of the ‘Dotdiversity and inclusion’ group to help create a safe and all-embracing working
environment.

**Goldman Sachs** (January 2019 - July 2019 
_Customer Support Agent_

- A fixed-term contract from Randstad. Responsible for answering inbound calls from Marcus by Goldman Sachs customers and providing up-to-date product information and account maintenance. This includes reviewing applications and helping customers troubleshoot with different devices so they were able to access their Marcus account independently.
- A personable and tailored approach, building relationships with customers to swiftly recognise and fully address all queries and issues.
- Answering every call with a positive attitude and building rapport with customers to increase customer confidence in the reputation of the company.
- Effectively documenting customer interactions in agreement with compliance policies and procedures, as well as making sure it is done in an accurate and timely manner.

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.
(Using a STAR example Paragraph) Consider the questions below.

-STAR
-What was the situation/task? (ST)

-How was the skill used?

-What did you do? (action)

-What was the result?


#### This Skill

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence (STAR)

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed (again use STAR for this)

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (August 2022 - December 2022)
- Use short descriptions of what you did and a skill you used. (Similar to format from the 'Work Experience' section above)
- e.g Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- you might also mention aspects some other skills/knowledge listed below: 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Your University / College (start_date to end_date)

- Subject, any specialisms
- Grade
- Other cool stuff

#### Any other qualifications

That in some arguable way make you a better software developer or well-rounded person

## Hobbies

Any cool stuff that makes you a super part of a software development team

Commit message:

Updated work experience and hobbies

README.md, after:

## Sarita Radia

Career switching from Marketing in SaaS to Software Development. This is for many reasons, including:
- Software development has a huge variety of tasks and always changing, so I will need to keep on top of the content - I love to learn and adapt to changes. 
- I am someone who is always seeking to learn and develop, and I have the creativity to problem solve. I have experience working as part of a team and individually in a professional environment.
- Additionally, I am passionate about problem solving and coming up with creative and efficient solutions.  I am a good communicator and a solid team player.
- Coding brings ideas to life. If you know what you want, know that it is possible to create it. This fuels my self-directed learning.


## Projects

| Name                         | Description           | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | -----------------     | ----------------- |
| [**Project CFG**](https://github.com/saritahub/Project-CFG)  | Final project for the Introduction to Web Development Project. | HTML, CSS, JavaScript               |
|[**Student Directory**](https://github.com/saritahub/student-directory) | A command-line app to input and view student information               |  Ruby                 |
|                              |                       |                   |



## Work Experience

**Dotdigital** (September 2019 - June 2022) 
_Customer Success Manager_

- Responsible to be the eyes and ears of the customer. Keeping our priorities at the forefront and
minimising any gaps or complications by passing on feedback to the relevant teams.
- Strengthen relationships with new and existing customers to drive customer retention, success,
and growth.
- Documenting processes to guide Customer Success Executives, refine customer journeys and
minimise risk.
- Use of CRM systems to maintain a high degree of account management and control.
- My hard work and determination led to winning the ‘Customer Success team member of the
year’ in 2021.
- Part of the ‘Dotdiversity and inclusion’ group to help create a safe and all-embracing working
environment.

**Goldman Sachs** (January 2019 - July 2019 
_Customer Support Agent_

- A fixed-term contract from Randstad. Responsible for answering inbound calls from Marcus by Goldman Sachs customers and providing up-to-date product information and account maintenance. This includes reviewing applications and helping customers troubleshoot with different devices so they were able to access their Marcus account independently.
- A personable and tailored approach, building relationships with customers to swiftly recognise and fully address all queries and issues.
- Answering every call with a positive attitude and building rapport with customers to increase customer confidence in the reputation of the company.
- Effectively documenting customer interactions in agreement with compliance policies and procedures, as well as making sure it is done in an accurate and timely manner.

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.
(Using a STAR example Paragraph) Consider the questions below.

-STAR
-What was the situation/task? (ST)

-How was the skill used?

-What did you do? (action)

-What was the result?


#### This Skill

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence (STAR)

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed (again use STAR for this)

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (August 2022 - December 2022)
- Use short descriptions of what you did and a skill you used. (Similar to format from the 'Work Experience' section above)
- e.g Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- you might also mention aspects some other skills/knowledge listed below: 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### University of Nottingham (September 2013 - September 2017)
_Chemistry BSc(Honours)_

- A balance of team and individual work was essential in class as well as in the lab setting.
- Immoderately strict periods of time were given to plan, implement and analyse laboratory research projects. Covered an immense variety of areas which depended on accuracy, precision and a high level of independent research.
- My degree significantly boosted my written and oral communication skills, as it was necessary to execute numerous essays, assignments, and presentations.




#### Code First: Girls
_Introduction to Web Development_

- Eight-week introductory course to HTML, CSS and JavaScript
- As part of my final project, I worked with a team to create a [Travel Portfolio website](https://github.com/saritahub/Project-CFG)

## Hobbies
- **Web Development** I am partaking in a self-directed course with [Makers](https://makers.tech/) to boost my knowledge and switch to the tech industry 
- **Reading** I read to inspire creativity within myself
- **Travelling** To broaden my perspectives and increase my cultural awareness
- **Yoga and meditation** is something I practice daily for the benefit of my body and mind, increasing my flexibility
while maintaining good mental well-being
